docs: Adding workspace resource requirements (#2577)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/calculating-che-resource-requirements.adoc

Learn how to calculate resources, such as memory and CPU, required to run {prod}.

.Procedure

> .Identify the workspace resource requirements which depend on the devfile that is used for defining the development environment.

Reviewer: - AsciiDoc requires a space after the period to make an ordered list item.
- In this case, more common American English is `that` rather than `which`(I'm not a language expert, but this I know for technical writing purposes).
- This sentence can be a bit shorter.

```suggestion

. Identify the workspace resource requirements that depend on the devfile that defines the development environment.
```

. Identify the workspace resource requirements which depend on the devfile that is used for defining the development environment.

As an example, we are going to use the following link:https://github.com/che-incubator/quarkus-api-example/blob/main/devfile.yaml[devfile] for calculating the resource requirements.

. Identify the workspace components explicitly specified in the `components` section of the devfile.
+
** The 'tools' component of the devfile defines the following requests and limits:
+
[source,yaml,subs="+attributes,+quotes,macros"]
----
    memoryLimit: 6G
    memoryRequest: 512M
    cpuRequest: 1000m
    cpuLimit: 4000m
----

> .The `postgresql` component does not define any requests and limits and therefore falls back on the defaults for the dedicated container:
> 

Reviewer: Formatting is off.
```suggestion
+
** The `postgresql` component does not define any requests and limits and therefore falls back on the defaults for the dedicated container:
+
```

----
    memoryLimit: 128M
    memoryRequest: 64M
    cpuRequest: 10m
    cpuLimit: 1000M
----

> 
> .During the workspace startup, an internal `che-gateway` container is implicitly provisioned with the following requests and limits:
> 

Reviewer: Formatting is off.
```suggestion
+
** During the workspace startup, an internal `che-gateway` container is implicitly provisioned with the following requests and limits:
+
```

----
    memoryLimit: 256M
    memoryRequest: 64M
    cpuRequest: 50m
    cpuLimit: 500m
----

> . Calculate the total: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

. Calculate the total: 
```

Author: should be good  already, no?

Reviewer: Yes. Thank you. Resolving.

Learn how to calculate resources, such as memory and CPU, required to run {prod}.

.Procedure

. Identify the workspace resource requirements which depend on the devfile that is used for defining the development environment.

As an example, we are going to use the following link:https://github.com/che-incubator/quarkus-api-example/blob/main/devfile.yaml[devfile] for calculating the resource requirements.

> .Identify the workspace components explicitly specified in the `components` section of the devfile.

Reviewer: AsciiDoc requires a space after the period to make an ordered list item.
```suggestion
. Identify the workspace components explicitly specified in the `components` section of the devfile.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

> .The 'tools' component of the devfile defines the following requests and limits:

Reviewer: Formatting is off.
```suggestion
** The 'tools' component of the devfile defines the following requests and limits:
```

> 
> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[source,yaml,subs="+attributes,+quotes,macros"]
----
    memoryLimit: 6G
    memoryRequest: 512M
    cpuRequest: 1000m
    cpuLimit: 4000m
----

> .The 'postgresql' component does not define any requests and limits, therefore the defaults are going to be used for the dedicated container:

Reviewer: We use back ticks rather than single quotes in AsciiDoc.
```suggestion
.The `postgresql` component does not define any requests and limits and therefore falls back on the defaults for the dedicated container:
```

----
    memoryLimit: 128M
    memoryRequest: 64M
    cpuRequest: 10m
    cpuLimit: 1000M
----

> .During the workspace startup an internal `che-gateway` container is implicitly provisioned with the following requests and limits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.During the workspace startup, an internal `che-gateway` container is implicitly provisioned with the following requests and limits:
```

    memoryRequest: 64M
    cpuRequest: 50m
    cpuLimit: 500m
----

> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

----
. Calculate the total: 
+
[cols="1a,1a,1a,1a,1a,1a,1a",options="header"]

> . Workspace requirements

Reviewer: We need to remove the extra space from a table heading to make it render in AsciiDoc:
```suggestion
.Workspace requirements
```

Learn how to calculate resources, such as memory and CPU, required to run {prod}.

.Procedure

. Identify the workspace resource requirements which depend on the devfile that is used for defining the development environment.

> As an example, we are going to use the following link:https://github.com/che-incubator/quarkus-api-example/blob/main/devfile.yaml[devfile] for calculating the resource requirements. Identify the workspace components explicitly specified in the `components` section of the devfile.

Reviewer: According to our style guide, we shouldn't be using `we` in the docs:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78564304/227596056-4513a004-b836-48a5-a97f-5f933c73adc6.png)

That's another reason why I rewrote it into the suggested heading for the example block.

> To illustrate the procedure a specific link:https://github.com/che-incubator/quarkus-api-example/blob/main/devfile.yaml[devfile] will be used for calculating the resource requirements. Identify the workspace components explicitly specified in the `components` section of the devfile.

Reviewer: Can you move this above `.Procedure`? As a second paragraph in the introduction?

> As an example, we are going to use the following link:https://github.com/che-incubator/quarkus-api-example/blob/main/devfile.yaml[devfile] for calculating the resource requirements.
> 
> . Identify the workspace components explicitly specified in the `components` section of the devfile.
> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
.Identifying the workspace components explicitly specified in the components section of an link:https://github.com/che-incubator/quarkus-api-example/blob/main/devfile.yaml[example devfile]
====
```

> ** The 'tools' component of the devfile defines the following requests and limits:

Reviewer: Is this just "tools" or " ' tools ' ". If it's just "tools", then we need back ticks in AsciiDoc:
```suggestion
** The `tools` component of the devfile defines the following requests and limits:
```

+
[source,yaml,subs="+attributes,+quotes,macros"]
----
    memoryLimit: 6G
    memoryRequest: 512M
    cpuRequest: 1000m
    cpuLimit: 4000m
----

> **The `postgresql` component does not define any requests and limits and therefore falls back on the defaults for the dedicated container:

Reviewer: My bad (working in a rush), a missed space:
```suggestion
** The `postgresql` component does not define any requests and limits and therefore falls back on the defaults for the dedicated container:
```

+
[source,yaml,subs="+attributes,+quotes,macros"]
----
    memoryLimit: 128M
    memoryRequest: 64M
    cpuRequest: 10m

>     cpuLimit: 1000M

Reviewer: Is the capital M on purpose? If not, then:
```suggestion
    cpuLimit: 1000m
```

----

> **During the workspace startup, an internal `che-gateway` container is implicitly provisioned with the following requests and limits:

Reviewer: My bad (working in a rush), a missed space:
```suggestion
** During the workspace startup, an internal `che-gateway` container is implicitly provisioned with the following requests and limits:
```

+
[source,yaml,subs="+attributes,+quotes,macros"]
----
    memoryLimit: 256M
    memoryRequest: 64M
    cpuRequest: 50m
    cpuLimit: 500m
----

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

====

```

|Developer tools
|`workspace`
|`tools`
|6 GiB
|512 MiB
|4000 m
|1000 m

|Database
|`workspace`
|`postgresql`
|128 MiB
|64 MiB
|50 m
|10 m

|{prod-short} gateway
|`workspace`
|`che-gateway`
|256 MiB
|64 MiB
|500 m
|50 m

3+>s|Total

> >s|6.5 GiB

Reviewer: Memory limit total:
6000+128+256=6384, how about 6.4 GiB rather than 6.5 GiB?
```suggestion
>s|6.4 GiB
```

> >s|896 MiB

Reviewer: Memory request total:
512+64+64=640 MiB rather than 896 MiB
```suggestion
>s|640 MiB
```
